Now, it's your turn.
You've practiced the basics of object-oriented programming in Python.
Time show off your skills.
In the next section, you'll find the code for the distribution package,
but there's also a new file containing a binomial class.
Your task is to write the code for the binomial class methods.
You also have to use all the skills seen so far,
including inheritance and writing magic methods.
You'll need to code an initialization method,
calculate the mean and standard deviation,
and fill out other methods similar to the ones in the Gaussian class.
Once you've finished coding the binomial class,
I've got a few more fun activities in store including looking at the source code
of scikit-learn and instructions for how to put your package on PyPI.
Okay, time to write some code.